Add reader for Trivista .tvf format (#27)
hyperspy/rosettasciio: docs/supported_formats/trivista.rst

.. _trivista-format:

TriVista
--------

Reader for spectroscopy data saved using the VistaControl software
for TriVista spectrometers from Teledyne Princeton Instruments.

> Currently, RosettaSciIO can only read the ``.tvf`` format from TriVista.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, RosettaSciIO can only read the XML-based ``.tvf`` format
from TriVista (the binary ``.tvb`` format is not supported).
```

However, this format supports spectral maps and contains all relevant metadata.

> If `LumiSpy <https://lumispy.org>`_ is installed, ``LumiSpectrum`` will be

Reviewer: ``Luminescence`` is the ``signal_type``, while ``LumiSpectrum`` the class name.
See https://docs.lumispy.org/en/latest/user_guide/introduction.html
(needs to be corrected in JobinYvon reader as well)

.. _tvf-format:

Trivista
--------

> Reader for spectroscopy data saved using Trivista's software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reader for spectroscopy data saved using the _Vista Control_ software
for _Trivista_ spectrometers from Teledyne Princeton Instruments.
```
